Virtual visit to Indian Pilgrimages is a web page  developed for people to walk around/explore Pilgrimages in India without visiting it in person. Digital tourists are not constrained by time or physical ability – they can view the locations of a tour at their own pace and get an unprecedented level of detail. Instead of listening to a tour guide drone on with boring information, digital tourists can instantly choose which information they want to learn, and take their sweet time reading or listening. There is no pressure, expectations, or need to absorb everything on the first try.
                 Most of the time, a virtual tour will be an independent experience, so you can get away from crowds, noise, and pressure, focusing only on what you see. This experience can happen at any time and anywhere, as long as you have access to the necessary software.Due to COVID-19 pandemic,many pilgrimages were closed and spiritual devotees suffer a lot in exploring pilgrimages.This webpage provides a way for them to explore it virtually/digitally.
               Google maps are used which allows you to explore pilgrimages throughout India at the touch of a button. <br><br>This project aims at developing and implementing web based virtual tour to the people.The immersive experience allows user to imagine themselves at Indian Pilgrimages they are looking for. The viewer can control what they see of a destination, experiencing 360 degrees of a location.Images,drone videos,description,google maps of particular destination were included in this project to know more about the Pilgrimage.People who are unable to travel physically can use this way to reach the destination virtually.We used monoscopic virtual photography for this website where we can access this in our mobiles,laptops.It is a multi-user system developed using HTML,CSS,JS,PHP and MYSQL DBMS support.All the famous pilgrimages destinations were arranged alphabetically for the user to easily access
